README.md, before:

# Lab 1 : Photographer's Website

For this lab, you will create a basic website for a photographer using
HTML and CSS. The website you build must include:

* A responsive Bootstrap menu that appears on all pages. 

* A footer that appears on all pages, which includes the URL to your
  GitHub repository on GitHub classroom. This should be a private
  repository that only you and the TAs can access.

* A home page that introduces the viewer to the photographer.

* A portfolio page that showcases 9 or 10 images from the
  photographer, using the Bootstrap grid, the CSS Grid, a masonry CSS
  layout, or some other technology to arrange the photos.

* A reviews page that lists reviews from customers, each in a separate
  paragraph and using styles to separate them (white space, lines,
  etc.).

* An about page that includes a photo of the photographer and tells the
  visitor a little about him or her.

There are many photographer web pages you can find with Google. Here
is an example of a basic page with some of the features you will
create: [http://www.jocilynmccleve.com/](http://www.jocilynmccleve.com/).

In most professional projects you are expected to use original images
or images that are licensed for use with [Creative
Commons](https://creativecommons.org/) licensing. You should do the
same here. You can find images on
[Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/creativecommons/) or on [Creative
Commons](https://search.creativecommons.org/) that are licensed with
the Creative Commons license.

## Starting the lab

To start the lab, you **must** follow this
[GitHub Classroom link](https://classroom.github.com/a/nawbGKji). This
will create a private repository for you using our classroom site. We
will only grade repositories created and submitted this way.

Once you "Accept the assignment" on github classroom, it will create a
new repository for you and grant you access to it on github. In order
to start working on the lab, simply clone the repository to your laptop
or other working environment.

## Tutorial

Use the [tutorial](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260-Winter-2019/lab1/wiki)
in the Wiki for tips on using Bootstrap and creating grid layouts.

## Web design criteria

When judging the style of pages, we will use the web design principles
discussed on the Web Design Principles page on Canvas.  Please be sure
to review this. The most important principles are:

* navigation -- make the menu system simple and consistent 
* spacing -- use white space effectively to make the site clearer
* color -- use color effectively to make the site appealing
* typography --  make it pleasant to read
* consistency --  everything should match
* responsive design -- the site should work as well on mobile as on
  desktops; mobile-first designs for mobile, then expands to desktop 

## Submission

Submit the URL for your website, which should be running on your
DigitalOcean server.

## Rubric for Grading

When we grade these labs, we will award points using the following
rubric:

Item | Points
--- | ---
Has sufficient HTML content on every page (10 points per page) | 40 
Has a working Bootstrap menu that is customized (not the default look) | 30
Has a grid layout for photos | 20
Uses good web design principles | 10

For the web design principles, you will receive 2 points for each for
spacing, typography, color, consistency, and responsive design. We
will subtract 1 point for a principle if you need some work, 2 points
if you need a lot of work.

Commit message:

Updated to new style requirements
Also changed the name to remove "Lab 1" from the title so assignments are easier to re-purpose.

README.md, after:

Photographer's Website

For this lab, you will create a basic website for a photographer using
HTML and CSS. The website you build must include:

* A responsive Bootstrap menu that appears on all pages. 

* A footer that appears on all pages, which includes the URL to your
  GitHub repository on GitHub classroom. This should be a private
  repository that only you and the TAs can access.

* A home page that introduces the viewer to the photographer.

* A portfolio page that showcases 9 or 10 images from the
  photographer, using the Bootstrap grid, the CSS Grid, a masonry CSS
  layout, or some other technology to arrange the photos.

* A reviews page that lists reviews from customers, each in a separate
  paragraph and using styles to separate them (white space, lines,
  etc.).

* An about page that includes a photo of the photographer and tells the
  visitor a little about him or her.

There are many photographer web pages you can find with Google. Here
is an example of a basic page with some of the features you will
create: [http://www.jocilynmccleve.com/](http://www.jocilynmccleve.com/).

In most professional projects you are expected to use original images
or images that are licensed for use with [Creative
Commons](https://creativecommons.org/) licensing. You should do the
same here. You can find images on
[Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/creativecommons/) or on [Creative
Commons](https://search.creativecommons.org/) that are licensed with
the Creative Commons license.

## Starting the lab

To start the lab, you **must** follow this
[GitHub Classroom link](https://classroom.github.com/a/nawbGKji). This
will create a private repository for you using our classroom site. We
will only grade repositories created and submitted this way.

Once you "Accept the assignment" on github classroom, it will create a
new repository for you and grant you access to it on github. In order
to start working on the lab, simply clone the repository to your laptop
or other working environment.

## Tutorial

Use the [tutorial](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260-Winter-2019/lab1/wiki)
in the Wiki for tips on using Bootstrap and creating grid layouts.

## Style Requirements

You must create your own style using hand-coded CSS. You are welcome to
look at designs of other websites or at template sites such as Bootstrap
Templates. However, you **may not** directly copy an existing style. Instead,
draw inspiration from it and then write your own CSS styles.

## Web design criteria

When judging the style of pages, we will use the web design principles
discussed listed below.  Please be sure to review the principles.
The most important principles are:

* navigation -- make the menu system simple and consistent 
* spacing -- use white space effectively to make the site clearer
* color -- use color effectively to make the site appealing
* typography --  make it pleasant to read
* consistency --  everything should match
* responsive design -- the site should work as well on mobile as on
  desktops; mobile-first designs for mobile, then expands to desktop 

## Submission

Submit the URL for your website, which should be running on your
DigitalOcean server.

## Rubric for Grading

When we grade these labs, we will award points using the following
rubric:

Item | Points
--- | ---
Has sufficient HTML content on every page (10 points per page) | 40 
Has a working Bootstrap menu that is customized (not the default look) | 30
Has a grid layout for photos | 20
Uses good web design principles | 10

For the web design principles, you will receive 2 points for each for
spacing, typography, color, consistency, and responsive design. We
will subtract 1 point for a principle if you need some work, 2 points
if you need a lot of work.
